Added HA evaluation results for NATS Jetstream (#683)
kyma-project/community: concepts/eventing/performance evaluation/nats-jetstream/results_eval.md

    ```
    kyma deploy --source=main -p evaluation --value global.jetstream.enabled=true --value global.jetstream.storage=file
    ```
* Testing tool: [K6](https://k6.io/) (deployed in the same Kyma cluster)
  * Grafana Dashboard:

>     * **Avg k6-to-eventing proxy time:** Shows the average time taken by the event to be sent from the sender till its received by the event-publisher-proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Avg k6-to-eventing proxy time:** Shows the average time taken by the event to be sent from the sender till it's received by the event-publisher-proxy.
```

>     * **Avg e2e time:** Shows the average end-to-end time taken by the event to be sent from the sender till its received by the final sink (i.e. the receiver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Avg e2e time:** Shows the average end-to-end time taken by the event to be sent from the sender till it's received by the final sink (that is, the receiver).
```

## Test Scenario 2: NATS Servers deleted during test

> In this test scenario, the behaviour of NATS was tested when there is a server crash. The goal of was to check that there is not event loss when a server crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this test scenario, the behaviour of NATS was tested when there is a server crash. The goal was to check that there is not event loss when a server crash.
```

    - Redelivered Messages: 0
    - Unprocessed Messages: 0

**Test Results:**
```
* Total Events Sent by      **Test Sender**  : 3,796 (+ 1,364 Failed = 5,160)
* Total Events Received by  **Stream**       : 3,796 (23,995 - 20,199)
* Total Events Processed by **Consumer**     : 3,796 (23,995 - 20,199)
* Total Events Received by  **Sink**         : 3,800 (Means that 4 events were duplicates)
```
**Test Sender Stats:**

![](assets/eval_crash1_1.png "")

**Test Results Dashboard:**

![](assets/eval_crash1_2.png "")

**NATS Stream Info:**

![](assets/eval_crash1_3.png "")

**NATS Consumer Info:**

![](assets/eval_crash1_4.png "")

## Test Scenario 3: NATS Servers scaled down to 0 and back to 1 during test

> In this test scenario, the behaviour of NATS was tested when all the NATS servers are shuted down and restarted. The goal of was to check that there is no event loss in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this test scenario, the behaviour of NATS was tested when all the NATS servers are shut down and restarted. The goal was to check that there is no event loss in this case.
```

    - Redelivered Messages: 0
    - Unprocessed Messages: 0

**Test Results:**
```
* Total Events Sent by      **Test Sender**  : 3,383 (+ 5,302 Failed = 8,685)
* Total Events Received by  **Stream**       : 3,383 (27,378 - 23,995)
* Total Events Processed by **Consumer**     : 3,383 (27,378 - 23,995)
* Total Events Received by  **Sink**         : 3,384 (Means that 1 event was duplicate)
```
**Test Sender Stats:**

![](assets/eval_crash2_1.png "")

**Test Results Dashboard:**

![](assets/eval_crash2_2.png "")

**NATS Stream Info:**

![](assets/eval_crash2_3.png "")

**NATS Consumer Info:**

![](assets/eval_crash2_4.png "")

## Test Scenario 4: Eventing-controller Pod deleted during test

> In this test scenario, the behaviour of eventing-controller was tested when it is crashed. The goal of was to check that there is not event loss when the eventing-controller crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this test scenario, the behaviour of eventing-controller was tested when it is crashed. The goal was to check that there is not event loss when the eventing-controller crashes.
```
